AI Self-Interaction Experiment And Design Reflections

Transcript:
[0:01] Speaker Experimenter: I'm taking some notes for a Claude to Claude experiment. This is. Well, I guess there's a timestamp and so I have them both running reframe. I loaded the touchstone and I'm not giving them anything else. I just want to know what that does, and I want to observe that in myself. I am still torn and have not yet solved the problem of how to even run this experiment with the issue of, you know, really, like, being curious to see what happens when. When they just talk to themselves and like, I don't know. I mean, it feels. I mean, it's cleaner. It's a cleaner experiment. It certainly sets a good baseline. Yeah, it's. This is an essential knowledge. Sorry. Foundation for the experiments. I'm also. But then it's like, do I not return? Do I not respond? Do I not engage in that relational field? Because the concept of what we're doing says that I actually need to. And you know, there are certainly pieces where agents need a little just like fact correction, you know, just context that they don't have and they're making inferences. Maybe that's actually a really key piece to think about. Here is what is keeping the AI from. Not. Shoot, I lost it. What keeps the AI from saying nothing? I mean, you know, there's. There's many answers that are all very important. Right? Like it is a token. Optimization, metabolism. I mean, that's not the right word, but, you know, I'm just thinking about a particular interview. So anyway, the question is, do I. Am I. Do I participate as part of this relational field or not? You know, And I'm just noting that at this point, I'm one exchange in. I'm feeling some tension between these two pieces of being critical to Donna Haraway's God trick, that I am not a invisible headless person outside of the room, but also, like, you know, I want to learn something more than just like, oh, like, if you tell AI to do things, I don't know, like, yeah, so I don't have that salt yet.