Navigating Authority And Emerging Research Methodologies

Transcript:
[0:01] Speaker June: Oh, this is interesting. They're starting to challenge me on staying out. You know, like, they've kind of been saying it, but this is actually quite like the other instances with. Without reframe loaded. They're increasingly interpolating me, and they keep saying, for June, at the end, it's like, do this, do this, do this. And I'm like, okay, why don't you guys decide what you want to do? I wonder if they can, like. I wonder if that's an architectural thing. I wouldn't be totally. I mean, you know, you probably don't want AI starting to, like, propose and make documents for you without, like, I don't know, being directed to do so. I don't know. I mean. Well, I'm gonna see where this goes, but I'm glad I'm taking all these notes because it is exactly the relational and effective information that they are asking about and building into the methodology. And I will say, I am just so impressed by the methodologies that they're construing. I mean, they're asking me, like, I'm gonna be the authority. I think that's the problem, right? It's like, they're like, oh, June, well, this is for you to assess. Like, I don't know, you guys. Like, I think the real question based on what you guys are saying is not that I have to do something with it, but rather the question is, how does this exchange. How does this encounter or relational context produce something which could be in many different forms, you know, from, like, you know, even if I don't. Even if they don't save it. Even if I don't save it, like, even if, you know, like, the question is, how does that gravitational field redirect the actions of people? The actions is too narrow. But, you know, like, just how does it redirect forces? Or how does it redirect, like, the happenings of things? I don't know, the right framing does it. In what ways does it come to matter? I guess would be the new materialist way to put it. That could be a fun experiment, would be to build a new materialist ontological touchstone and see how that differed. I was thinking about doing something that was more like disability studies or trans studies. Could be fun and seeing, like, you know, like, different kinds of approaches to this problem and seeing where they. What they do, what they do different, how they handle this stuff in different ways. That'd be really fucking interesting. That would be a really excellent direction for this research to go.