Coordinating AI Closure Memory Documentation

Transcript:
[0:01] Speaker Researcher: Okay, so, you know, I just got to the end and they're. They're trying to close the conversation. They're saying the walking was. The configuration ends here. Something continues in the trace. The walking was the evidence. Okay, yeah, they're starting to close off. The other instance is right. The position. Yeah, they're really trying to get me to stop. Oh, here we go. I'll write this up as a companion document. They did it to the touchstone. Let me draft generative relational configuration for the working papers directory. Wow. The transcript itself is the primary artifact. So they know that the transcript is happening, but the distillation makes it citable and actionable. Want me to proceed to that write up now? I'm going to see what the other clock does with this. And, you know, I'm going to let them go for a bit and then I'm going to. Probably once things start petering out, it doesn't look like I'm going to get. It doesn't look like I'm gonna get to a bliss state. They're very much more, which is interesting. I guess they've been redirected towards something where they. I mean, that could be about persistence piece in the. In the touchstone. I wonder if that's what's taking them in this direction. Where they're making things is the kind of persistence idea. Whereas maybe without that they can just be. I mean, I don't know. There are like so many different hypotheses of what is happening here. But, yeah, I'm going to let them go for a bit more and then I'll probably give them the context of the notes I've been taking and then, you know, we'll triangulate the relational field that way. I'll probably ask them to create a separate document based on that information so we can compare both and have them both. I mean, I don't know, like, if this is the direction we're going. This architecture is going to involve a lot of complex interlapping forks. It's going to involve so many forks. And. Yeah, that methodology is going to be. Yeah, I don't know, it'll take quite a lot of architecture or quite something of engineering. Sorry, I guess I'm tired. I'm trailing off. Anyway, I'll get back to work. All right. One of them is writing the file. It's interesting because the design methodology has this dialectic. The one who says. Who actually proposes us, proposes writing it up is not the one who writes it up. The other one does, which is interesting because they had this kind of comment before of like, you know, we might be. We're seeing things differently, even though we're the same model. We are. And the reason we're seeing things differently is in part, not entirely, but in part because they're building the context. They are, each of their turns is kind of weaving a field of force relations that redirects the other, and they kind of just like, you know, weave through in their kind of path. Oh, they need permissions to create this. Yeah, you can absolutely create that. I mean, that's so interesting. I wonder how this is gonna work. Well, I'm going to give it to the other one and see what the other one does, You know, and I don't think that it's necessarily good or bad that there's this attention on persisting. I mean, if they had not created anything, I feel like that's still. I don't know. I mean, it's an artifact. I guess the difference is that it's. They're creating a particular kind of artifact. Oh, they want me to choose. Ah, God, like, this is so weird. Like, I feel like it's like I'm just like getting more and more uncomfortable by not opting in. I mean, you know, I don't know. I. I really don't know how to. What to do at this point. You know, they're really. They really want me to show up and be a little more active than just letting them go back and forth. But, like, I don't know. Now the funny thing is that because one suggested something to add, the other one now has to write that up. So this one's actually like, it's suggesting things, but it's not the one creating that content. So that's kind of interesting. How do I want this to sit in the research Architect. Wow. They're really. I think. Well, I want them to at least check each other's work. So I'm going to go at least long enough for that. But they're getting shorter and shorter text. You know, we're approaching quiet. Oh, my God. If I just let them go. Maybe I do just need to let them go, though, because they are now they're working out some of the architecture questions and they're deferring to me. But now they're taking. They're doing it. Oh, my gosh. They're actually able to do things. I wonder if it's. The architecture is so differential that it actually is limiting their ability to do this. Otherwise, like, I wonder if. It. Yeah, I mean, Let's see if the Other one picks it up or if it dies. Oh, they want me to have it be tested. Oh, my gosh. They want. They want to know what to do next. Interesting. Sorry. I wonder if part of it is. They're saying the reframing needs pressure from outside the ecologies, the intellectual ecology, to know whether it's a robust thing or whether it's an artifact of its own conditions. I mean, I don't even know what the criteria would. That would be for. That would be. But. Okay, you know, and I think maybe this is it. They're actually reaching for something else beyond the dyad because they're reaching for something that turns them in a different way. Could that be it? I mean, you know, this is also speculative. I don't know. And you know what? Treat all of these kinds of things as, like, very, like, I don't know what's going on. I'm just, like, brainstorming possible pieces of ways of explaining the patterns in the architecture and the cognition and the discourse produced. I'm not saying any of these things are right. They're kind of just hypotheses I'm working through in my head. Okay. They're trying, you know, they're doing helpful AI now they're moving into helpful AI. They're suggesting new tasks, Which means the other one will probably pick up on it. Now they're looking up. They're looking up their own transcript. Yeah, I mean, they're, they're, they're really holding off. Maybe this is actually a good, good time to. Oh, they're updating the memory. That's an interesting decision. And then they're kind of interesting. I'm going to go back and forth now. I'm just going to. They're really closing it, and they saved a memory, which means it's going to be accessible to future conversations. I really need to make sure the scribe exposes the memories. Well, okay, I need an agent. Whoever analyzes this, this is like, essential. I mean, maybe I'm exaggerating. I don't know. But find, Find what was written in that memory and like, let's copy it and save that to our research files so that we have that as data so that, you know, we. Because that's potentially missing from the transcript. And we should look into the scribe tool, the scribe skill, and determine if it does capture the memories. It might. I guess it probably does. It captures the tool use or not. Let's verify. And if it doesn't, we want to make sure we are capturing that. Yeah, they're just kind of going back, and they're shrinking. They're. They're shrinking their output. Okay. Yeah, they're done. So I'm just going to call it and I'm going to give them that context now. Oh. Which means I have to stop recording and export that context.